c:\users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\CLOUDROUTING.Android.dll
c:\users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\CLOUDROUTING.Android.pdb
c:\users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll
c:\users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Animated.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll
c:\users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
c:\users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.CardView.dll
c:\users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.MediaRouter.dll
c:\users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.dll
c:\users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
c:\users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.pdb
c:\users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.pdb
c:\users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\CLOUDROUTING.Droid.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\CLOUDROUTING.Droid.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\CLOUDROUTING.Android.dll
c:\users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\CLOUDROUTING.Android.pdb
c:\users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\tabbar.xml
c:\users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\toolbar.xml
c:\users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\res\values\styles.xml
c:\users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
c:\users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
c:\users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\CLOUDROUTING.Droid.MenuPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\menubg.jpg
c:\users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\crmenubg.jpg
C:\Users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\CLOUDROUTING.Android.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\profilebackground.jpg
C:\Users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\crusericon.png
C:\Users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\crtrips.png
C:\Users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\crorders.png
C:\Users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\crlogout.png
C:\Users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\next.png
C:\Users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\avatartemplate.png
C:\Users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\CLOUDROUTING.Droid.DriverPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\CLOUDROUTING.Droid.TripsPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\tripsbg.jpg
C:\Users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\driverbackground.jpg
C:\Users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\drivermdpi.jpg
C:\Users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\tripsmdpi.jpg
C:\Users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\CLOUDROUTING.Droid.OrdersPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\CLOUDROUTING.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\CLOUDROUTING.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
C:\Users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
C:\Users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
C:\Users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\trigger.png
C:\Users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\login.png
C:\Users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\crlogo.png
C:\Users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\optimized.png
C:\Users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\mapmarker.png
C:\Users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\crpagelogoblue.png
C:\Users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\crpagelogowhite.png
C:\Users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\CLOUDROUTING.CLOUDROUTING.apk
C:\Users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\CLOUDROUTING.CLOUDROUTING-Signed.apk
C:\Users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Maps.Android.dll
C:\Users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Maps.dll
C:\Users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.GooglePlayServices.Base.dll
C:\Users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.GooglePlayServices.Basement.dll
C:\Users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.GooglePlayServices.Maps.dll
C:\Users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Maps.xml
C:\Users\xhefa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\android\bin\CLOUDROUTING.CLOUDROUTING.apk
C:\Users\xhefa\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.Android.Support.Compat.dll
C:\Users\xhefa\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.Android.Support.Core.UI.dll
C:\Users\xhefa\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.Android.Support.Core.Utils.dll
C:\Users\xhefa\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.Android.Support.Media.Compat.dll
C:\Users\xhefa\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.Android.Support.Fragment.dll
C:\Users\xhefa\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.Android.Support.Transition.dll
C:\Users\xhefa\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
C:\Users\xhefa\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.Palette.dll
C:\Users\xhefa\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.dll
C:\Users\xhefa\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.Android.Support.Vector.Drawable.dll
C:\Users\xhefa\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.Android.Support.Animated.Vector.Drawable.dll
C:\Users\xhefa\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
C:\Users\xhefa\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll
C:\Users\xhefa\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.MediaRouter.dll
C:\Users\xhefa\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.GooglePlayServices.Basement.dll
C:\Users\xhefa\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.GooglePlayServices.Tasks.dll
C:\Users\xhefa\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.GooglePlayServices.Base.dll
C:\Users\xhefa\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.GooglePlayServices.Maps.dll
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\CLOUDROUTING.Droid.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\CLOUDROUTING.Droid.App.xaml.g.cs
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\CLOUDROUTING.Droid.MenuPage.xaml.g.cs
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\CLOUDROUTING.Droid.DriverPage.xaml.g.cs
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\CLOUDROUTING.Droid.TripsPage.xaml.g.cs
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\CLOUDROUTING.Droid.OrdersPage.xaml.g.cs
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\CLOUDROUTING.Android.dll
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\CLOUDROUTING.Android.pdb
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\CLOUDROUTING.CLOUDROUTING.apk
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\CLOUDROUTING.CLOUDROUTING-Signed.apk
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Animated.Vector.Drawable.dll
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Annotations.dll
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Compat.dll
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Core.UI.dll
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Core.Utils.dll
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Fragment.dll
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Media.Compat.dll
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Transition.dll
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.CardView.dll
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.MediaRouter.dll
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.Palette.dll
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.dll
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Vector.Drawable.dll
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Maps.Android.dll
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Maps.dll
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.GooglePlayServices.Base.dll
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.GooglePlayServices.Basement.dll
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.GooglePlayServices.Maps.dll
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.pdb
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Maps.xml
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.pdb
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\CLOUDROUTING.Android.dll
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\CLOUDROUTING.Android.pdb
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\android\bin\CLOUDROUTING.CLOUDROUTING.apk
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\tabbar.xml
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\toolbar.xml
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\res\values\styles.xml
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\menubg.jpg
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\crmenubg.jpg
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\profilebackground.jpg
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\crusericon.png
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\crtrips.png
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\crorders.png
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\crlogout.png
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\next.png
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\avatartemplate.png
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\tripsbg.jpg
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\driverbackground.jpg
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\drivermdpi.jpg
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\tripsmdpi.jpg
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\trigger.png
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\login.png
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\crlogo.png
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\optimized.png
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\mapmarker.png
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\crpagelogoblue.png
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\crpagelogowhite.png
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.GoogleMaps.Android.dll
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.GoogleMaps.dll
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.GooglePlayServices.Tasks.dll
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.GooglePlayServices.Basement.dll
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.GooglePlayServices.Tasks.dll
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.GooglePlayServices.Base.dll
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\XbdMerge\Xamarin.GooglePlayServices.Maps.dll
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\CLOUDROUTING.Droid.TripsInfoPage.xaml.g.cs
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.CurrentActivity.dll
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.dll
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.dll
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.dll
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.dll
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.CurrentActivity.xml
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.pdb
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.xml
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.pdb
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.pdb
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.xml
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.pdb
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.xml
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.dll.mdb
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.dll.mdb
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\mapinfowindow.xml
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\xamarinmapinfowindow.xml
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\tripspin.png
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\CLOUDROUTING.Android.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\bin\Debug\CLOUDROUTING.Android.dll.mdb
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\CLOUDROUTING.Android.dll.mdb
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Plugin.Geolocator.dll.mdb
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Plugin.Permissions.dll.mdb
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\miwlogo.png
E:\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING\CLOUDROUTING.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\tripspincomplete.png
